Add a faq about using type hints for performance optimizations (#86)
giltayar/proposal-types-as-comments: README.md

If there is a desire to keep language open to later adding runtime-checked types, in addition to the static types proposed here, we could make an explicit syntax reservation in the grammar to support both.

> ### Could this proposal enable runtimes to optimize performance based on type hints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Could this proposal enable runtimes to optimize performance based on type hints?
```

> Given that the type syntax in the type hints are opaque to the runtimes, this proposal as it stands would not allow performance improvements.
> In any case, it is a non-goal of this proposal to improve the performance of JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whilst it is possible to theorize runtime optimizations driven by statically declared types, the proposal authors are not aware of successful experiments in JavaScript that meaningfully beat dynamic type-driven JIT optimization.

The proposed type syntax has no defined semantics and so is opaque to the runtimes.
It is equivalent to asking _"Could a runtime use `/** comments **/` to optimize performance?"_
To which the answer is:  almost certainly not - at least not in a standard way.
Therefore this proposal alone does not directly offer new opportunities for performance improvements.

It is explicitly a **non-goal** of this proposal to improve the performance of JavaScript.
```
